---
title: Front Trends 2014
id: 122
categories:
  - Events
date: 2014-05-14 00:02:06
tags:
---

Front Trends is a conference which took place in Warsaw 7-9 may. It was really crazy 3 days of talks and meetings between Front End Developers from all around the world.

<!--more-->

Before first day of this conf I thought that its going to be very long speeches with some tips and tricks... but... after each speech I wanted to know more about used techniques, about tips etc. Each speaker had a really big experience in Web and Front End Development. Some of them has them own startups. Other are creating big projects in companies like PayPal, The Guardian... Some of speakers I only knew from the Videos on YT. Now i can say that they are really nice people and after short chats that they are funny guys.

&nbsp;

Schedule:

**Day 1**
Julian Cheal - Dancing with robots
Tero Parvianinen - Build your own AngularJS
Jed Schmidt - API Have Dream
Tim Messerschmidt - Supercharding Node with Kraken
Rachel Andrew - We're Not "Doing a Startup"
Zeno Rocha - A Future Called web components

**Day 2
**Lea Verou - The Chroma Zone: Engineering color on the Web
Brian Ford - Zone.js
Kyle Simpson - CSS: Yawn to yay!
Sara Vieira - CSS as a Programming Language
Martin Ringlein - The ROI on Front-End Experimentation
Alicia Liu - Slaying the Dragon: Refactoring CSS for Maintanability
Patrick Hamann - Breaking News at 1000ms

**Day 3
**Horia Dragomir - The Mobile Development we leave behind
Ana Tudor - Pure CSS 3D Solids
Mary Rose Cook - Mary Live Codes a JavaScript Game from scratch
Mariusz Nowak - Full Stack JavaScript Applications, Reactive Way
Kornel Lesiński - Modern Image Compressors
Max Ogden - Browserify - Using Node.js in browsers
Gorann Means - Progressive Enhancement for JS Apps
Gunnar Bittersmann - Patterns &amp; Math with Sass

&nbsp;

After this conference we can predict that this and next year will maybe be a year of Web Components. As a participants we heard about new version of AngularJS (2.0) so its maybe going to be a year of Angular? But for sure its going to be a year of JavasScript! Evolution of this language and all frameworks is really big and count of  use cases is still rising. So maybe 2014/2015 will be a year of JavaScript?

Cya next year on Front Trends!